Key to [#tags]

[#modules](), [#code](), [#p6](), [#news](), [#p6p5](), [#p5](), [#niecza](), [#core](), [#debate](), 

Especially noteworthy commits this week #compilers #data
* Roast results: 
* Moritz made multiple updates to p6doc.
* Sorear added IO::Socket::INET to the setting in Niecza.

#perl6

[2012-08-19](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-19):

* japhb updated the Perl 6 module installer panda. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-19#i_5908750). #cpan6 #bits
* raiph published the [first #perl6 weekly summary](http://blogs.perl.org/users/perl_6_reports/2012/08/perl6-summary-for-week-ending-2012-08-18.html). (You're reading the second.) #p6 #news
* Accounts of a Perl Reunification Summit surfaced [on #perl6](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-19#i_5909381) and then later in tweets ([1](https://twitter.com/pmichaud/status/237219819139780608), [2](https://twitter.com/pmichaud/status/237219997062152192)) and blogs ([1](http://perlgeek.de/blog-en/perl-6/2012-quo-vadis-perl.html), [2](http://mdk.per.ly/2012/08/20/prs2012-perl5-perl6-reunification-summit/)). Perl 5 and 6 have been doing their own thing for years. Around twenty Perl 5 and 6 folk got together to discuss "reunification". Interested parties should tune in to the #p6p5 twitter hashtag, and the #p6p5 IRC channel on irc.perl.org. #p6p5 #news
* masak said "TimToady is now working actively on STD_P5.pm6". (TimToady is Larry Wall, the author of all versions of Perl, including 5 and 6 (he was of course at the reunification summit). STD_P5.pm6 is a Perl 5 parser written in Perl 6.) #p5 #news #bits
* sorear added a "Minimal implementation of sockets (not in setting yet)" to niecza. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-19#i_5910521). #niecza #bits
* masak said "I agree that we should have .ymd and .hms in S32/Temporal... but..." which led to [a dialog about date/time handling, strftime(), sprintf, slangs, macros](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-19#i_5910689). #lang #dialog

[2012-08-20](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-20):

* pmichaud updated Rakudo ROADMAP. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-20#i_5911718). #rakudo #news
* GlitchMr added a first cut at &run to Rakudo. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-20#i_5911837). #rakudo #bits
* tadzik said "Perl 5 folks were like "I CAN HAS?"" when they saw the [Rakudo Perl 6 debugger](https://github.com/jnthn/rakudo-debugger/) that jnthn introduced at YAPC:EU. It's in the latest Rakudo Star release. #rakudo #debugger #news #bits
* tadzik reported he's working on enhancing modules.perl6.org. #cpan6 #news #bits
* colomon asked "are we supposed to handle any numeric system that Unicode recognizes?" which led to [dialog](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-20#i_5912652) #lang #unicode #dialog
* Moritz posted [a brief "biased" Rakudo vs Niecza comparison](https://gist.github.com/3406172). #compilers #2c
* japhb updated the Perl 6 module installer panda. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-20#i_5914044). #cpan6 #bits

[2012-08-21](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-21):

* hoelzro said "I think the greatest barrier to starting Rakudo development is figuring out how all the pieces fit together" which led to [dialog](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-21#i_5914662). #contributing #2c
* mj41 posted [completeness pie charts for the Rakudo and Niecza Perl 6 compilers](https://raw.github.com/mj41/Perl-6-GD/master/export/Summary%20-%20Compilers%27%20features%20-%20GoodData.png). #compilers #data
* tadzik added MuEvent module. #cpan6 #bits
* moritz said "please ignore the perlfoundation perl6 wiki ... it's mostly unmaintained". #p6 #2c
* jnthn posted [a PDF of the slides of jnthn's YAPC talk on Perl 6 exceptions](http://jnthn.net/papers/2012-yapceu-exceptions.pdf). It's a great presentation, but the slide about the debugger, slide 49, just says "do live_demo() or fail;". :/ #lang #doc
* sirrobert added Class::Utils (his first p6 module). #cpan6 #bits
* kboga added "native str ops and return type annotations" to Rakudo setting. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-21#i_5916359). #rakudo #bits
* Moritz updated Rakudo architecture image. #rakudo #doc
* japhb updated the Perl 6 module installer panda. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-21#i_5916895). #cpan6 #bits

[2012-08-22](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-22):

* pmichaud linked to his YAPC::EU presentation [Perl 6 Documentation - The good, the bad, and the missing](http://pmichaud.com/2012/pres/yapceu-p6doc/slides/start.html). #p6 #doc
* TimToady added two more rosettacode entries. [#perl](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-22#i_5917857). #lang #rosettacode #doc
* TimToady said "wrt the table of p6 operators, there are 3 deletions (prefix:<=>, @@, p5=>), 5 additions (%%, Zop, Sop, ...^, set/bag operators), and 3 changed spellings (true => so, slice => lol, also => S&)". If he meant [Periodic Table of the Operators](http://www.ozonehouse.com/mark/periodic/), then someone please update it! #grammar #doc

[2012-08-23](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-23):

* arnsholt said "FROGGS: I'd be interested in a quick outline of what features you're missing" which led to [a #perl6 dialog about ncurses/CStructs/Zavolaj](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-23#i_5920546). #rakudo #zavolaj #dialog
* sorear added "First horrible implementation of use lib" to niecza. [dalek](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-23#i_5920813). #niecza #bits
* jnthn started a [P5Regex](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-23#i_5920838) branch. [#p5 #news #bits]
* sirrobert asked several great questions which led to equally great dialog. #lang #dialog
* masak linked to [a macro pseudocode gist](https://gist.github.com/3438222) so it could be [discussed](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-23#i_5921993). #lang #dialog
* sirrobert added [the Masquerade module](https://github.com/sirrobert/Masquerade). #cpan6 #bits
* cosimo asked "anyone successfully used sqlite with rakudo?" which led to [a dialog about zblog](https://github.com/tadzik/zblog/blob/master/%C5%BAblog.pl). #rakudo #dialog

[2012-08-24](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-24):

* mhasch and colomon agree to collaborate on Math::Polynomial. #cpan6 #dialog
* [Coke]'s new irc bot cjbot said "14:20 < cjbot> @guhoqik tweeted ...". #perl6 #bots #bits
* sirrobert said "fwiw, we're close to a commercial release of our product with a p6 component. ... ~1mo. ... I've found it pretty easy to develop with so far". #p6 #news
* Moritz said "now that zavolaj has callbacks" which led to [a dialog about writing bindings to libs like OpenGL](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-24#i_5928419). #rakudo #zavolaj #dialog
* FROGGS said "we took ages to get this to work with perl5 and xs, its just like minutes using p6+NativeCall". #p6 #news
* TimToady said "viv can now parse nearly 800 lines of viv". [#perl6](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-25#i_5929917). #p5 #bits

[2012-08-25](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-25):

* masak added unquote splicing (part of AST macros) to Rakudo. #lang #bits
* Moritz said "r: macro demo($ast) { quasi { {{{$ast}}} } }; say demo "first"" to be the first to demo masak's Rakudo work doing unquote splicing (part of AST macros). [#perl6](http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2012-08-25#i_5930163). #lang #bits
